“It’s not coincidence that four of the six letter in health are heal.” – Ed Northstrum
“Well-being is about the combination of our love for what we do each day, the quality of our relationships, the security of our finances, the vibrancy of our physical health, and the pride we take in what we have contributed to our communities. Most importantly, it’s about how these five elements interact.” – Tom Rath
“Health is a state of body. Wellness is a state of being.” – J. Stanford.
“Health is a relationship between you and your body.” – Terri Guillemets
"The greatest wealth is health." - Virgil

“The greatest wealth is health.” –Virgil
“He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.” – Arabian Proverb
“Take care of your body. It’s the only place you have to live.” – Jim Rohn
“Health is a state of complete physical, mental and social well-being and not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.” – World Health Organization
“If you want something you’ve never had, you must be willing to do something you’ve never done.” – Unknown
 “In health there is freedom. Health is the first of all liberties.” – Henri Frederic Amiel
 “Creating an overall healthy lifestyle for yourself doesn’t require a radical diet or significant life change. In fact, it can be attained through common sense decisions about the way we eat, move, and live.” – Harley Pasternak
“Everything in moderation, including moderation.” – Oscar Wilde
“Today is your day to start fresh, to eat right, to train hard, to live healthy, to be proud.” – Bonnie Pfiester
“So many people spend their health gaining wealth, and then have to spend their wealth to regain their health.” – A.J. Reb Materi
“A healthy attitude is contagious but don’t wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier.” – Tom Stoppard
“Healthy is an outfit that looks different on everybody.” – Unknown
“But the real secret to lifelong good health is actually the opposite: Let your body take care of you.” – Deepak Chopra
“Being healthy is a success that many people forget to celebrate.” – Unknown
“There are six components of wellness: proper weight and diet, proper exercise, breaking the smoking habit, control of alcohol, stress management, and periodic exams.”- Kenneth H. Cooper
“To get rich never your risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth.” – Richard Baker




 “You are what you eat.” -Ancient Chinese proverb
"Let thy food be thy medicine and thy medicine be thy food." - Hippocrates

“Let thy food be thy medicine and thy medicine be thy food.” – Hippocrates
“Those who have no time for healthy eating will sooner or later have to find the time for illness.’’ – Edward Stanley
 “One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.” – Virginia Woolf
“One should eat to live, not live to eat.” – Moliere
“If you keep good food in your fridge, you will eat good food.” – Errick McAdams
 “You can’t exercise your way out of a bad diet.” – Mark Hyman
“Some things you have to do every day. Eating seven apples on Saturday night instead of one a day just isn’t going to get the job done.” – Jim Rohn
“Every time you eat or drink, you are either feeding disease or fighting it.” – Heather Morgan
“Don’t ask why healthy food is so expensive. Ask why junk food is so cheap.” – Nutrition Snob
“Sorry, there’s no magic bullet. You gotta eat healthy and live healthy to be healthy and look healthy. End of story.” – Morgan Spurlock
“Eating healthy food fills your body with energy and nutrients. Imagine your cells smiling back at you and saying: ‘Thank you!’” – Karen Salmansohn
“A healthy outside starts from the inside.” – Robert Urich
“To eat is a necessity, but to eat intelligently is an art.” – Francois La Rochefoucauld
“Every living cell in your body is made from the food you eat. If you consistently eat junk food then you’ll have a junk body.” – Jeanette Jenkins
“Healthy eating isn’t about counting fat grams, dieting, cleanses and antioxidants; it’s about eating food untouched from the way we find it in nature in a balanced way.” – Pooja Mottl